---
contributors:
  - Erick Rosas López
---

# README

## Overview

The code in this extension proposal uses the data from Hanna, R., Kreindler, G., & Olken, B.A. (2017a) to extend results in Panel A of Table 1 applying a robustness check to the treatment date. There is only one code that should be run in R. The replicator should expect the code to run for about 2 minutes, they only need to open the Rproj file without changing the relative directory.

## Data Availability and Provenance Statements

The data used in this extension proposal is an intermediate file generated by the replication package located [here](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/48U7GP). This package was published with a Creative Commons License, so it can be redistributed.

### Statement about Rights

- [X] I certify that the author(s) of the manuscript have legitimate access to and permission to use the data used in this manuscript. 
- [X] I certify that the author(s) of the manuscript have documented permission to redistribute/publish the data contained within this replication package. Appropriate permission are documented in the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file.


### (Optional, but recommended) License for Data

The data are licensed under a Creative Commons/CC-BY-NC license. See LICENSE.txt for details.


### Summary of Availability

- [X] All data **are** publicly available.
- [ ] Some data **cannot be made** publicly available.
- [ ] **No data can be made** publicly available.

### Details on each Data Source

| Data.Name  | Data.Files | Location | Provided | Citation |
| -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | 
| “Delay data for regression” | v0_v1_live_predicted_appended_regression_r.dta | data/analysis | TRUE | Hanna, et al. (2017b) |

## Dataset list

| Data file | Source | Notes    |Provided |
|-----------|--------|----------|---------|
| `data/analysis/v0_v1_live_predicted_appended_regression_r.dta` | Hanna, et al. (2017b) | As per Terms of Use | Yes |

## Computational requirements

### Software Requirements

- [ ] The replication package contains one or more programs to install all dependencies and set up the necessary directory structure. 

- R 4.3.3
  - `foreign` (0.8.87)
  - `tidyverse` (2.0.0)
  - `dplyr` (1.1.4)
  - `broom` (1.0.5)
  - `sandwich` (3.1.0)
  - `lmtest` (0.9.40)
  - `purrr` (1.0.2)

### Controlled Randomness

- [ ] Random seed is set at line _____ of program ______
- [X] No Pseudo random generator is used in the analysis described here.

### Memory, Runtime, Storage Requirements

#### Summary

Approximate time needed to reproduce the analyses on a standard (CURRENT YEAR) desktop machine:

- [X] <10 minutes
- [ ] 10-60 minutes
- [ ] 1-2 hours
- [ ] 2-8 hours
- [ ] 8-24 hours
- [ ] 1-3 days
- [ ] 3-14 days
- [ ] > 14 days

Approximate storage space needed:

- [ ] < 25 MBytes
- [X] 25 MB - 250 MB
- [ ] 250 MB - 2 GB
- [ ] 2 GB - 25 GB
- [ ] 25 GB - 250 GB
- [ ] > 250 GB

- [ ] Not feasible to run on a desktop machine, as described below.

#### Details

The code was last run on a **4-core Ryzen-based laptop with Windows 10 Pro with 200GB of free space**.   

## Description of programs/code

- The program in `code/02_analysis` will use the main regression data, estimate the regressions with the mock treatment dates and plot them together for each time interval. The plots will be saved in results.


## Instructions to Replicators

- Open `hw4.RProj` in RStudio 
- Run `code/02_analysis/extension.R` 

## List of tables and programs

The provided code reproduces:

- [ ] All numbers provided in text in the paper
- [X] All tables and figures in the paper
- [ ] Selected tables and figures in the paper, as explained and justified below.


| Figure/Table #    | Program                  | Line Number | Output file                      | Note                            |
|-------------------|--------------------------|-------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Figures 1-6           | 02_analysis/extension.R    |             | all files in results folder                 ||

## References

Hanna, R., Kreindler, G., & Olken, B. A. (2017a). Citywide Effects of High-Occupancy Vehicle Restrictions: Evidence from the Elimination of ‘3-in-1’in Jakarta (No. w23295). National Bureau of Economic Research.

Hanna, Rema; Kreindler, Gabriel; Olken, Benjamin A. (2017b), "Replication Data for: "Citywide Effects of High-Occupancy Vehicle Restrictions: Evidence from “3-In-1” in Jakarta"", https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/48U7GP, Harvard Dataverse, V1


---